Docs: clarify ingester_stream_chunks_when_using_blocks setting (#5838)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/about-runtime-configuration.md

The parameter `ingester_stream_chunks_when_using_blocks` might only be used in runtime configuration.
A value of `true` transfers encoded chunks, and a value of `false` transfers decoded series.

> > **Note:** The parameter `ingester_stream_chunks_when_using_blocks` in the runtime configuration can override the setting of `-ingester.stream-chunks-when-using-blocks` (CLI flag), which is enabled by default. We strongly recommend to keep it enabled, except in rare cases where users observe Grafana Mimir rules evaluation slowing down.

Reviewer: [nit]

```suggestion
> **Note:** The parameter `ingester_stream_chunks_when_using_blocks` in the runtime configuration can override the CLI flag `-ingester.stream-chunks-when-using-blocks, which is enabled by default. We strongly recommend to keep it enabled, except in rare cases where you observe rules evaluation slowing down.
```
